At the moment, the project has a few known bugs, and a couple of features that arent working as well as we would like them to. To start, under the Football, Mens Basketball, and Womens Basketball catagories the opponent team is displayed twice instead of just once, however there is a simple fix to this problem that simply relies on updating the php code to not do that. We recently had a bug in the campus map portion of the site that would throw an error sometimes when attempting to geocode the lat long of an address, however this problem was fixed by updating the sql database to consist of the lat long in the first place, so that the geocoding was unnecessary. As for features that we would like to improve on, we would like to get bootstrap and jquery to work a little better together in the future so that we can style our page in the way we would like to without worrying about the problems that merging the two libraries has. Also we would like to update the campus map section so that when you scroll down across the campus map and accidently place your cursor in the map or list portion that it continues scrolling instead of messing up the map or just scrolling down the page. This could be fixed by looking into the google maps api more and working out how to keep the campus map fixed instead of scrollable.
For our project management tool, we chose to use Trello. Since every team member was familiar with the features of Trello it helped us stay organized and on schedule. We assigned tasks via Trello for every milestone with due dates to assure the work would get done on time. Unlike Trello, Slack was not as big of a success with our team. We started off using Slack as our main form of communication but quickly learned that a simple group message was much more responsive. Over the first couple of weeks we managed to meet in person in the computer lab of the UMC. These meetings were crucial for the brainstorming and beginning stages of development but as our vision became more clear and our schedules got crazier we began to meet remotely via Skype. Our Skype meetings, where we discussed the progress of our sprints and gave the other team members updates, were very successful. All progress updates were also clear to see on our Github repository. Video meeting links, HTML and CSS code for the website, and SQL files were all uploaded to our repository over the course of development. 
